1.welcome
2.mobile verify
3.menu list for new users (Or also if any user wnat to know the menu)
4.search any item
5.know the price of item
6.know the item type(Veg or non  veg)
7.know ingredient in any item
8.ordr item(Single or multiple)
9.What are the new things on the menu??????
10.What are birthday cakes??????
11.What are the special of the week??????
12.show image of item?????
13.Final confirmation(Accept/Reject)
14.user wnat to change the delivery day?????
15.show the timming when order deliverd between?????
16.ask the payment mode(Cash/Card/Bank Accoun)??????
17.Generate reference id of order and send it to user for detail after order???????
18.user can see the detaisls of order by referece id and user can also cancel the order before 48 hrs.  ?????
19.generate daily basis order details and send it to manager???????



20.I have one item name (MADAME) But it have two diffrence size, Than 
	Response : I have MADAME but in two diffrence size Individual, by 1 kg - 6/8 pax. Which types of madame you wnat and how may.


Here OTHERS are the items which have different sizes: 
- multigrains
- baguette
- wheat bread


When the person is asking for cookie you say: "Ok! We have 3 types of Cookies: Chocolate chips cookie, Triple chocolate cookie and Mini butter cookie sable. Which type of Cookie do you want and how many?"

When the person is asking for chocolate cookie you say: "Ok! We have 2 types of Chocolate Cookies: Chocolate chips cookie and Triple chocolate cookie. Which type of Chocolate Cookie do you want and how many?"

When the person is asking for brownie you say: "Ok! We have 2 types of Brownies: Chocolate brownie and Red Velvet Brownie. Which type of Brownie do you want and how many?"

When the person is asking for brioche you say: "Ok! We have 2 types of Brioches: Brioche Traditionnal and Brioche Choco Chip. Which type of Brioche do you want and how many?"

When the person is asking for muffin you say: "Ok! We have 2 types of Muffins: Blueberry Muffin and Chocolat Vanilla Muffin. Which type of Muffin do you want and how many?"
